I grew up in a tough neighborhood
sometimes reputation follows you Robert
De Niro is Al Capone there is violence
in Chicago of course but not by me and
not by anybody I employ and I'll tell
you why because it's not good business
Kevin Costner is Eliot Ness I have sworn
to put this man away with any and all
legal means of my disposal and I will do
so
Sean Connery is Jimmy Malone I want to
get Capone here's how you get him he
pulls a knife you pull a gun who sends
want to use to the hospital you say you
just joined the Treasury Department so
everybody knows what the booze is the
problem isn't finding it
the problem is who wants to cross the
tops somebody messes with me I'm gonna
mess with him your fellows are
untouchable is that the thing no one can
get to you hey everybody can be gotten
to
alright then drive them to the station
do you thing happens you shoot first you
understand wait till the fights over
one guys left stand it and that's how
you know one just tell me are you being
careful careful is - I want to hurt you
man Malone I want to start taking the
battle to him I want to this man can
finger Al Capone this man can put Capone
behind bars
what's or not huh can't you talk with a
gun in your mouth not approve methods
yeah we're not from Chicago I want you
to find this dance is for you Lisa I
want him dead
I want his family
[Music]
Paramount Pictures presents a Brian
DePalma film I have warned myself I have
broken every law I swore to defend I
have become what I beheld and I am
content that I have done right
[Music]
never stop biting
The Untouchables
[Music]
[Applause]